This website was part of a project used to teach the principles of accessiblity in website design.  This was the first challenge project to examine skills of building websites in HTML5 and basic CSS. 
comments within the style.css file indicate the changes made to the original css stylesheet.  The idea was to structure the stylesheet and to remove duplication wherever possible
The final version of the website, when examined with firefox's accessibility tool finds no issues with accessibility except that the contrast doesn't quite meet accessibility standards.
Contrast between background and text needs to be slightly greater to meet those standards, however because the mock-up was given with the colors included, that would be something to pass on to the client so they could fix as needed.  Most likely the client has branding standards/policies that need to be met, so things like color and text size will need to remain the same.
Finally, this repoisitory of the website is the 2nd iteration.  The first one had to be deleted because it got corrupted and wouldn't accept additional commits.  While there may have been a better way to fix it, in the interest of time the easiest route to take was to delete and remake the repository.
comments within index.html, detail the changes made within the file.  The original div elements were changed to follow HTML5 semantic elements.  Alt descriptors were added to the images where necessary and other comments are provided to describe changes where appropriate.